docs: Update links in documentation and fix spelling mistakes (#3238)
timber/timber: docs/v1/getting-started/theming.md

$context = Timber::context();
```

> This is going to return an object with a lot of the common things we need across the site. Things like the site name, the description or the navigation menu you'll want to start with each time (even if you over-write them later). You can do a `print_r( $context );` to see what's inside or open-up [**Timber.php**](https://github.com/timber/timber/blob/1.x/lib/Timber.php) to inspect for yourself.

Reviewer: Let’s use proper apostrophes instead of single quotes.

```suggestion
This is going to return an object with a lot of the common things we need across the site. Things like the site name, the description or the navigation menu you’ll want to start with each time (even if you over-write them later). You can do a `print_r( $context );` to see what’s inside or open-up [**Timber.php**](https://github.com/timber/timber/blob/1.x/lib/Timber.php) to inspect for yourself.
```
